Reduced Gaussian grid (#638)
cf-convention/cf-conventions: appf.adoc

The standard_parallel variant corresponds to EPSG Polar Stereographic (Variant B) (EPSG dataset coordinate operation method code 9829), while the scale_factor_at_projection_origin variant corresponds to EPSG Polar Stereographic (Variant A) (EPSG dataset coordinate operation method code 9810).
As PROJ requires the standard parallel, <<Snyder>> formula 21-7 can be used to compute it from the scale factor if needed.

=== Reduced Gaussian

----
grid_mapping_name = reduced_gaussian
----

__Map parameters:__::

* **`grid_subtype`** - Reduced Gaussian grid type.
The permitted values (case-insensitive) are **`normal`** and **`octahedral`**.

> * **`latitude_dimension`** - The name of a netCDF dimension which specifies the number of latitude lines _N_, where _N_ must be even because these grids do not have points at the poles and equator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **`latitude_dimension`** - The name of both a one-dimensional variable, which contains the latitude coordinates of the latitude lines, and of its single dimension, which specifies the number of latitude lines _N_, where _N_ must be even because these grids do not have points at the poles and equator.
```

Domain: +
     **`-180.0 \<= longitude_of_central_meridian < 180.0`**

| **`longitude_of_first_meridian`** | N

> | Specifies the longitude, with respect to Greenwich, of the first meridian used to define the grid mapping indexing. It is 0 degrees by default.

Reviewer: Please could you mention "reduced Gaussian grid" in this one (like you have in the others).

Author: Done
